Some of the challenges that emerge using lidar in the real-world,
come from environmental conditions.
So lidar does not do well in heavy rain,
in whiteouts, in brownouts,
where dirt is, whether you have lots of dirt in the air like in Southern California,
you find sand storms.
Anything that reflects and scatters lidar,
the laser beams in the air limits the use of the lidar.
You also create sometimes ghost objects based on reflections.
If you have a highly reflecting surface,
the lidar beam reflects off the surface, hits the vehicle,
gets reflected back surface,
and back to the lidar,
you create a ghost objects,
or objects where there is no one;
there is no object really.
You get lidar returns, for example,
from a spray, we saw ones on the test track.
It suddenly start raining really hard,
and then we had all weird objects,
and that was just the water that was spraying up from the tires from other cars.
So that's the difficulty that you face.